one of the new administrative tasks that you'll have to do is a leader
is, Ah, figure out what it is you're leading. You know? Why are you
in the position that you are? So you need to understand fully what
your job is? That's probably going to require you to read several documents,
several guiding principles said. You can fully understand what
your job is and how you're helping out the organization as a whole.
And then the other administrative task that you're gonna deal with
as a new leader is just understanding your people. So probably having
to get into their records and research what their background is,
what kind of previous training they already have, what areas maybe
they need to get trained on based on the job and assignments that they're
now gonna be doing. You're gonna also have to be recording their
successes and failures when it comes time for evaluation periods
and helping out with writing their evils. So some of the very first
task you're gonna have is understanding your people on understanding
your job, and you know we do that is reading and getting educated
in those areas